

OCA CHAPTER 1
Basics:
1. Java classes consist of fields and methods. An object is an instance of a class. 

2. Three ways for comment: 
	Single line: //
	Multiline: /* */
	Javadoc: /** */

3. Java begins with the main() method. 
	public static void main(String[] args)

4. The java.lang is imported by default
	wildcard: java.util.*
   Can't import the sub method within one class

5. A constructor is a method matching the class name and omitting the return type.
	When an object is initialized, fields and blocks are initialized first and then the constructor.

6. Numeric literals are allowed to begin with 0(octal), 0x(hex), 0X(hex), 0b(binary), 0B(binary). 
	Also allowed to contain underscore _ as long as it's not at the beginning/end nor next to the point "."

7. Local variables need to be specifically initialized. The instance and class (static) variables, they have a initial value once declared.
	Identifier may contain letter, numbers, $ or _. Indentifier cannot begin with numbers nor can we use the reserved names (int, char etc.).

8. Instance variables are nonstatic field in the class. 
	Class variables are static. 
	Local variables are declared within a method and can only be used within the method.

9. Order of elements:
	1. package statement: package abc;
	2. import statements: import java.util.*;
	3. class declaration: public class name{}
	4. fields and methods are within the class

10. An object becomes eligible for garbage collection when there are no more references to it or its references have gone out of the scope.
	finalize() method will run ONCE for each object if/when it is first garbage collected.

11. Java befinits:
	1) Java is object oriented: All code is defined in classes.
	2) Access modifiers allow classes to encapsulate data.
	3) Java is platform independent, compiling to bytecode.
	4) Robust and simple by not providing pointers or operator overloading.
	5) Java is secure because it runs inside virtual mahcine.
	 


Summary (3 sentences):
Chapter 1 gives a general basics of Java language. Introduced fields and their scopes and types, methods and their types. Rules of identifying names, ordering elements and syntax.



The parts that the code covers:
(Explain what your demo does)

The code is trying to make fun of how Siri responces. Our "Siri" gets request from the keyboard and gives random responces. 
